adding a page listing current gRPC Access API rate limits (#839)
onflow/flow: docs/content/access-api-rate-limits.mdx

---

> title: Flow Access API Rate limits on DapperLabs Access nodes
> ---
> 
> #### Rate limits
> 
> Following are the current rate limits for the [Access Node gRPC API](/access-api).
> Once the limit has reached, the client will receive a rpc error 1ResourceExhausted` in the gRPC response.
> 
> Pleqse note, these limits only apply to the access nodes hosted by DapperLabs. Access node run by other node operators will have different rate limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Flow Access API rate limits on Dapper Labs Access nodes
---

#### Rate limits

Following are the current rate limits for the [Access Node gRPC API](/access-api).
Once the limit has reached, the client will receive an RPC error `ResourceExhausted` in the gRPC response.

Please note, these limits only apply to the access nodes hosted by Dapper Labs. Access nodes run by other node operators will have different rate limits.
```

##### Mainnet

|                 gRPC API                             | Total request per second per IP               |
|:-----------------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------:|

> | flow.access.AccessAPI/Ping                           |                   2000                        |

Author: we have 4 public facing ANs with the limit set to 500 on each.

Reviewer 2: It's probably worth adding a note about that above the table so people don't get confused if they send requests to an individual node.

The limits are the same for gRPC-Web as well right?

Author: added note abt both those things.

Reviewer 2: any idea if they also use the same counters

> | flow.access.AccessAPI/Ping                           |                   2000                        |

Reviewer: Given that the whole document is for access node APIs, maybe remove the `flow.access.AccessAPI/` prefix, it is always the same and implied

Author: so i wanted to differentiate this with the legacy API which I think has a different prefix.

---
title: Flow Access API rate limits on Dapper Labs Access nodes
---

#### Rate limits

> Following are the current rate limits for the [Access Node gRPC API](/access-api) in total across all Dapper Labs Access nodes.

Reviewer 2: Since the load balancer is operating on requests from all clients, if 2 clients are sending requests at the same time, it's possible their requests are not evenly distributed. Worst case, all requests could go to a single node and they hit the rate limit after 500 requests, and best case they are evenly distributed and hit it after 2000. I think in practice, users will run into some variation is the effective limits, so I tried to clarify that below.

```suggestion
Following are the current rate limits for the [Access Node gRPC API](/access-api) in total across all Dapper Labs Access nodes. The actual limits are enforced by each individual node. If you are using a load balanced endpoint, the limits below are the max rate, and may vary depending on how your requests are routed.
```

Author: make sense
